Stuff about me
hellooooo


'More a procession than a race' - when could Liverpool seal title?

'Liverpool running away with the title race' - MOTD

Liverpool's march to the Premier League title seems inevitable now - after they increased their lead at the top of the table to 13 points.

No team in English top-flight history, going all the way back to 1888-89, have been this far clear at this stage of the season and not won the title.

"It's becoming less of a title race and more of a procession isn't it?" said Match of the Day host Gary Lineker.

The Reds have only lost once in the league all season - and beat Newcastle 2-0 on Wednesday.

Second-placed Arsenal have dropped points in each of their past two games - including their goalless draw with Nottingham Forest.

Liverpool boss Arne Slot said: "It is still a long way to go, 10 games. In March we only play one Premier League game - so we are not focused on the long term.

"Now the players have some days off and then we focus on Paris St-Germain [in the Champions League] more than we do on the table in the Premier League."

Gunners boss Mikel Arteta must know the jig is up but said before the Forest game he would concede the title "over [his] dead body".

After the match, he told the BBC: "It was the same a week ago, two weeks ago, three months ago. The only thing we can do is win our matches and see how many points we get."

Former Liverpool winger Steve McManaman, meanwhile, said Liverpool are "unstoppable" and "in cruise control".

"Everyone else is falling away and helping them," he added.

Forest are third, six points behind Arsenal, and Manchester City - who have won the past four titles - are another point back.

Only one team have ever been 13 points clear in the Premier League and not won the title - with Arsenal beating Manchester United to the title in 1997-98 - but that was earlier in the season.

BBC Sport looks at when Liverpool could wrap up their second Premier League title - and record-equalling 20th overall.
